Docs: Suggest use of Env vars instead of Airflow Vars in best practises doc (#16926)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/best-practices.rst

    {{ var.json.<variable_name> }}

> Alternative option is to read from the environment variables in the top level python code instead of Airflow variables.
> This will avoid new connections to Airflow metadata DB everytime Airflow parses the python file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative option is to use environment variables in the top-level python code or use Environment Variables to create and manage Airflow variables. to manage Airflow Variables. This will avoid new connections to Airflow metadata DB every time Airflow parses the python file. For more information, see: :ref:`managing_variables`.
```

Reviewer: From Airflow >= 1.10.10 -- you can use Environment Variables to set Airflow Variables, hence connections to DB are not made.

Docs: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/variable.html#storing-variables-in-environment-variables

> 

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to place this text in the following paragraph "Top level Python Code" because you mention in the explanation "top level python code" but it's not defined till the user read the following paragraph. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: I think it's pretty understandable :D and it is right after, so I think I am happy with the way how it is now.
